---
layout: post
title: "threads"
date: 1993-11-13 14:29:19 -0600
categories: none
---

“Ok, I’ve got this thing linked up, I guess… I guess all that’s left is to send it”
“Send it”
“Yeah, send it, man”
“Ok, I’m gonna send it.”
…
pop 
…
,.,..,.,./.,./.<./,<..,..,>,>,>,>*>*<*.***.*o*.o*.*0*.o°o0°.o°o°.o.o°-`♡´-✧˖°.o-`♡´-✧˖°.☾.°˖✧-´♡`-
 ∧,,,∧
(  ̳• · • ̳)
/    づ♡ 


[~video ends~]

“I mean, that looks like it.”
“Yeah I guess they got there but. Why didn’t it cascade?”
“I’m not sure, maybe they had a failsafe? Like a liquid nitrogen barrier or something?”
“How the fuck is a failsafe gonna stop a-”
“Listen. Maybe they just got it above zero. There’s a lot of hill to climb still after that.”
“Maybe…. but wouldn’t it make a black hole or… something?”
“They probably didn’t get it positive enough to reach vacuum decay. Still, it’s concerning.”
“Very concerning.”
“I think we’ll have to keep jumping through these lines until we find the right rock.”
“There’s way too many asteroids to search manually. We might be better off looking for some sort of mass signature. Surely this ship has something like that on board…. Ah! Right here under the fire safety panel.”
scanning… 
“How long is it gonna-”
“Quiet.”
scanning… anomaly detected
“Ope.”
“Quite. Let’s steer her over there.”
“Should we be worried about radiation or something?”
“If we get too close we should be more concerned about our guts going prismatic than a few stray alpha particles. But better put up the shields to be safe.”
vmmmmmmm
“Is that it, over there? That wavy thing?”
“It’s at 110° from our heading”
“What even is that, like… there’s something moving but it just looks like a black mass in the vacuum.”
“Try not to look too long, we don’t know what that could-”
“Oh, man, that’s…. I can’t even see what-hurk”
“1? Oh God –- shut off viewscreen and seal the windows”
i turned – i saw him lying on the floor, or at least, i saw a shimmering rainbowmass of strings gently undulating, in the shape of a man, endless ropes where his arms should have been, swaying in the light, like ribbons in a wind that wasn’t there, reaching out, touching panels on the floor and wall and sending waves of green and magenta and pink flickering across them, like the aurora spreading gently through the ship, and i realized i wasn’t looking with my eyes anymore, or rather, that my eyes didn’t belong to me
